Are you playing games?
You are all music, who is this person? Or music?
Do you still know this?
Then what do you think is a good person who has fought and done well?
should be made.
That's not what I meant, what I meant was,
You didn’t expect that you understood and listened.
You need to know me, I mean you,
You know what you want to say,
Definitely reminds me of it.
She's not in the highest interest
There are really too many kinds
How do you buy it among others?
How about we come together again and have enough?
Here are these
Let’s talk here
How do other couples talk?
I am a bed-ridden person, so I don’t understand you.
Are you tired today?
no thank you
Then I said it
Sounds a little lost
How about I give it to you and let others listen?
are your father's eyes